The air turned black all around me. I couldn't breathe, see, or smell anything. And suddenly I
 fell far down, down, down.     

    It all began when I was taking a walk down the street, heading for the library, my favorite place to be.
	I was halfway there, when I saw this strange creature with five legs and three heads jumping towards me.
	It suddenly jumped high and landed near me.
	I panicked and ran back toward my house, the weird creature jumping after me. I made it to my house miraculously, and shut the door and locked it. I looked outside and saw the creature sitting outside the door, staring at it and waiting for me to come out. I tried going to the back door, but it heard me and jumped over the house and I nearly jumped out of my skin. I decided that this creature had good hearing as well as strong legs. 
    

    
    I slept badly, always waking up thinking that the creature was about to leap  on me, tearing me up. I made a cup of strong coffee, and I went to the door, but the creature wasn’t there. My heart leapt, hoping that it was just a dream. I looked from the back door too, and it wasn’t there either. Deciding that I had just had a bad dream, I walked outside. I saw no sign of it, but halfway there, something strange happened. It was as if the Sun got switched off. Everything went dark. I tried screaming, but my voice was lost. I couldn’t breathe,see,or smell anything.  And suddenly I fell far down, down, down. 


    I woke up feeling dazed. What had happened? Then I remembered the creature, the Sun switching off, and the fall. Where was I? I tried to get up but my head felt like someone had hammered a nail into it. I put my hand to my head, and I felt a bump and some blood. I couldn’t see my hand in front of my face, it was so dark. I suddenly heard a noise from ahead of me. It was like an animal, but the noises made my hair stand up. I saw their eyes, twelve eyes in front of me, staring at me, unblinking. I remembered the animal. It suddenly struck me that there were more of them, a whole colony. They seemed to be having a conversation, deciding how to eat me. Their eyes glowed like small flashlights, the pupils complete black. They stopped talking, or making their weird noises, and walked back to the colony, leaving me in pitch black yet again.
