Claws
                      
                              By Blackout4344

"ROAR!"

It was a calm, sunny but cool day in the forest, where Jack watched his dad with wide eyes as he peered at some strong, mighty tigers, (including his dad) as they hunted a fat, flavorful deer. The meaty deer was busy grazing on some fresh, green grass when suddenly his strong dad launched out of nowhere and killed the deer with a powerful swipe of his claws. Jack and the other tiger cubs cheered and took the deer to where their other dead prey was kept, a small, cozy hollow where there was already another deer, a rabbit, and a small bird.  Jack had found the bird, which was a newborn. When they returned to camp, everyone cheered for the hunters, but they didn’t cheer for Jack, and when they started eating, nobody wondered who had brought the baby bird; it was obvious it was Jack. Jack had the smallest paws and the tiniest claws of the whole camp. Every other cub had claws that were almost fully-grown. Everyone called him a baby; they said he would never be able to catch his own prey and would probably die someday. He thought,  "Someday I will show them!"
                                                   ~~~~~~

A year later, Jack was a full grown tiger, big and strong, but he still had small claws. Claws are important for a tiger, especially if that tiger needs food. The biggest animal Jack had ever caught was a rabbit, and even then it had a lame leg, which was why he was able to catch it.  He had an extremely hard time finding food, and sometimes it took him one whole day to catch just one small bird. He got so frustrated that one day he decided to go away from the camp for a day or two to see if he could practice hunting alone without anyone scoffing or jeering at him. So he set off at night to prove he was not weak. 

    After being alone in the great wilderness for one day, Jack had found out two things. Number 1, It was impossible for him to hunt. Number 2, He was starving. He was so fatigued that he hardly noticed when he stumbled on a tree root. Suddenly he heard someone talking to him. " You should watch where you are going Jack!" Jack spun around and growled at the tiger. It was a male tiger, but also very big and (Jack noticed almost at once) had huge claws. He got nervous, wondering whether he should run or not. He asked the tiger a little boldly " How do you know my name?" The other tiger said, " You should be asking what my name is. I will tell you anyway. It’s Strong." Jack blinked.
 " Erm... What type of tiger would name his son Strong? " 
Strong shot back, " Well, it's a better name then yours, weakling. "
 He sneered. Jack felt his neck fur rising as he unsheathed his small claws. 
"You want to fight me, weakling? Bring it on!” Strong said as he leaped at him with surprising strength and knocked down poor Jack, and growled right next to Jack's ear. Jack hopelessly swiped at Strong's muzzle, but his claws were too weak to harm him. Strong raised a paw, and brought it down hard on Jack's head. All Jack saw was blackness . 

     Jack opened his eyes slowly. Jack’s head was hurting so bad he thought it might burst with pain. He managed to open one eye and saw a tiger leaning over him and checking his wounds. He got up but fell down almost as soon as he got up. The tiger said, "Lie down, you need to rest." But Jack retorted, " I will only rest once you are dead!" He leaped at the tiger but the tiger only moved away, making Jack fall to the ground, which made his wounds hurt even more. The tiger said firmly,  “Now lie down before you get hurt even more." Jack reluctantly went back to the bed of soft leaves and lied down. The tiger resumed looking at his wounds and began to treat it with some cool leaves. “Who are you!” Jack said a bit timidly. The tiger was about to say something when a tiger cub jumped into the den. " Hey! Aren't you the one who we saw so beaten up at the camp entrance? I saw your little claws, and I thought you were a cub! " Now Jack was really irritated and felt like clawing his way out of the den and running as fast as he could to his own camp. But the other tiger said " Now, Haze, go back to your mother before she starts getting worried where you are. " Haze went with one last look at Jack and disappeared after she went through the entrance. Jack asked the tiger another question. " What is this camp called? "  The tiger replied, " Camp Dusk. " Jack was confused. He had never heard that name before, and his camp leader said that they knew all the camp names. It was as if the tiger had read Jack's thoughts, because he said, "This is a secret camp." Jack said, " But all the camps are known by now! "  The tiger replied with, " But not this one, This one is hidden. It is underground. Any tiger that tries to explore this camp never returns back to their own. " Jack was stunned. He asked, " Then how am I alive? " The tiger replied grimly, " We have orders from Strong to keep you alive." Something clicked in Jack's brain. " But he was the one who did this to me! " He said angrily. The tiger replied, " Strong is our leader, And I am your father. " 


   Two years later….

Splash! Haze fell into a small puddle nearby and a group of nearby tigers sneered at her. Haze stood back and shook her fur. A tiger came to her, a big tiger with muscles but small claws. 

"Don't worry Haze, they are just mad because they aren't allowed to come hunting. " 
"Thanks, Jack. " 

She was grateful that he was her brother. He always helped her out when she was in trouble.

 "It's almost time to go hunting. Go dry your fur and come to the left side of camp. We will go from there."

 Haze dried off inside her den and went off to meet her brother at the left side. The camp was a round grassy hollow, surrounded by trees which grew as umbrellas to protect them from the rain. If there was lots of rain, they had their own dens, which were completely covered except for the entrance which had leaves as a curtain. The leader (Strong) had the biggest den, even though he was only one tiger. Every time a tiger caught some food they had to give half of the whole kill to him. He was almost always inside his den, and he barely cared about his own clan. Many times Jack and Haze thought about causing a revolution, but most of the tigers liked Strong’s ways, and would have been shocked at the idea.Once Jack had tried to sneak behind Strong to kill him, but then his personal bodyguard tigers suddenly appeared out of nowhere and began watching him with suspicion in their eyes, and he quickly acted like he was merely looking in awe at his enormous size (Strong had gained weight, and was extremely obese now). The guards weren’t too bright, so they assumed it was a compliment, and let him go. But Strong surely must have suspected something, because the day after Strong made him clean up the whole clan ground by scratching dirt over the old one as a punishment. And on top of that he didn’t let Jack sleep the whole night, because he made him the next one for the watch. He made sure he didn’t sleep a single second for he was watching him the whole night. Jack remembered that memory with a shudder. “ Hey Jack, you okay? “ Jack got startled and replied, “ Er.. Yeah. Lets go hunting now. “ He hoped that hunting would take his mind off the matters of the camp for a while. He walked out through the front entrance of the camp and suddenly started running as soon as he was out of sight of the guards. Haze scrambled forward to catch up with Jack, and she said, “ Jack! Where are you going? “ 
Jack didn’t reply, just kept running. He finally stopped after some time. Haze asked him, “ Where are we? ”. Jack panted and said, '' The edge of our camp. It's rarely ever checked, and even if someone does come they won’t see us.” Jack went forward to a wall of trees and squeezed between them. Haze did the same. The next thing Haze saw she was so surprised she lost all of her breath. They were in a cave, and it was filled with tigers. Haze saw that there was a huge rock on the end of the cave. On top of it was a tiger, not any normal tiger, a huge one. Its muscles were huge, and it was sharpening its claws on the rock. Haze noticed that the claws were huge, much bigger than Strong’s. As the tiger sharpened its claws on the rock, Haze saw that the rock had huge scratches on them. Haze was still staring at the tiger when suddenly it gave a terrifying roar, so loud that Haze’s ears still rang with the roar even after it was done. The tiger said, 

“ Tigers of ArrowTip! The time has come that we select a deputy for our camp.”

 Many of the tigers sat upright at those words. Many of them got excited and unsheathed and sheathed their claws. 

“ But before we get to that, I would like to introduce two guests from another camp. They will introduce themselves now.” 

Jack nodded at Haze and she walked toward Jack. Her legs were trembling so hard, she was surprised how she was even standing. They walked toward the rock and Jack leaped on it, next to the big tiger. Haze leaped too, but missed the top by an inch. She quickly grabbed it with her claws and hoisted herself up. Jack said, 
“ My name is Jack. I am originally from your clan. I was taken away, however, by the cruel leader of Camp Dusk. His name is Strong.” 
Many tigers laughed when they heard what Camp Dusk’s leaders’ name was. Jack, encouraged by this, he continued, 
“ Strong’s ways are cruel. He orders that whatever prey caught by any tiger must be halved with him. That way half of the clan is starved. One of our tigers has even died of starvation, and Strong still didn’t even give him food then. That tiger was my friend.” 
Jack’s throat choked for a second, but he continued. 
“ We must do something to Dusk. But it won’t be easy. Strong has 15 bodyguards. They are all experienced and are strong. They all take shifts. There are always 10 bodyguards guarding his den. His den is a big one. There are 3 paths inside his den. One of them will lead to the camp wall, which is all thorns. They can use it as a trap. The other one leads to the river. It is the longest and it is easy to get lost in. The last one is Strong’s actual den. It has a long path, but is not as long as the river one. Its walls have thorns on them. At the start it has thorns too. At the entrance he has 5 guards. In the path he has 2 guards. At the end where he stays he has 3. He always keeps them trained, and he feeds them fat deers at times when the whole camp is starving. But, even with his camp starving, they still serve him. They have gotten used to being skinny, and they practice skills with Strong every day.” 


Jack paused for a moment, seeing the reaction of the tigers. They were all listening. He continued,
“ He has 30 well trained tigers. There are 10 tigers that are too old to fight and just sit in the den and starve. There are 8 cubs. He trains them well each day. Strong sends a patrol of 10 tigers each day all around the camp to see if anyone has been intruding. And that's all his tigers. His camp is huge. There are trees, moss, rocks, and thick grass everywhere. They make good hiding spots. And I guess that's all that you need to know about him and his camp. You may now attack their camp with a plan.”The big tiger had been listening to Jack the whole time. Now he spoke. 
“ Jack has told us everything that we needed. From this day we will practice for a battle. Now, my name is Saber. I am the leader of ArrowTip. Today, we are choosing our deputy. He must be strong, wise, and kind. With that being said, I am choosing,” 
Saber paused for a moment, scanning all the tigers. 
“Jack.” 

Part 4 

Jack’s paws tingled. “What? How am I the deputy? There are so many other tigers that are stronger than me. Why me?” 
Saber replied calmly, “ Jack, I have chosen you for many reasons. First, you are wiser than most of the tigers here. You are in the clan that we are about to attack, which makes it easier for us to infiltrate . Through you, we will defeat Strong and his rogue camp and bring peace to the forest. Haze, you must support your brother with spying in the camp. Any important information should be sent to us immediately. Both of you must gain Strong’s trust. Make him think that you are his most valued warriors. With those words, I call this meeting to an end.” 
Jack and Haze scrambled off the rock. As all the tigers were walking out, Saber called Jack and Haze to the side. “ Stay safe Jack. Both of your jobs are difficult. Be careful. Take this deer we hunted earlier to make Strong think that you were out hunting. Goodbye.” 
Jack and Haze grabbed the deer’s carcass  and walked slowly out of the cave thinking deeply about all the advice Saber had given to them. 


    Jack walked into camp, holding the deer in his mouth. He saw Strong watching him outside his den. He walked toward Jack. “Well Jack, you took forever. I was thinking  you had been eaten by a bear. But of course, you must have been hunting, like a loyal member of this clan. Good work to you both. Here, you may take half of it. I will eat the other half later.” With that, he walked back to his den, dragging half of the carcass with him in his huge jaws. Jack nodded at Haze as they both went to their dens to rest for the rest of the day. 

                                                             ~~~~~~
     Jack woke up by hearing loud roars outside his den. He quickly got up and went out. He saw one of the tigers, named Smokey fighting with Strong over a fresh young deer. The tiger said, “It's my prey! I caught it myself! I have barely eaten anything at all for the past few days.” Strong retorted, “ Yeah, but I am the leader of this camp, and I can do whatever I wish!” 
Jack looked at Smokey sadly. He suddenly had an idea. He went out and stepped between the two snarling tigers “Smokey, drop it. You know the rules. You must give half of it to him. Go to your den now.” 
Smokey looked at him angrily. He reluctantly turned away and went grudgingly into  his den. Jack waited till Strong was looking the other way, and swiftly followed him in. Smokey looked up at him.
“ Thanks for enforcing the rules,Jack.” He said sarcastically.
“ No problem” But he had a plan. He watched Strong go to his den with the piece of prey. As soon as Strong was out of sight, he went to Smokey. Smokey was gnawing on a small, week old bone from a deer. “ Smokey, I am sorry what I did to you.” 
“ Don’t mention it. I don’t need your help now.” 
“Smokey, we can go hunting right now. We can eat whatever we catch there.”
“Without giving half to Strong?”
Jack thought about it for a moment.
“Yes.”
                                                      ~~~~~~
    Jack had gone with Smokey and hunted out a fine, strong, buck with him. They both shared the kill, and got back to the camp by evening. Jack jumped up to his favorite perch, where he would see the entire camp at once. Jack looked around the camp. Strong was inside his den napping. Some tigers were practicing their fighting techniques on each other. Jack watched them pounce on each other, snarling and growling. On the other side of the camp. The young tiger cubs were busy chatting to each other in high-pitched voices. Jack looked around the camp once more. Then he realized; something was not right. Haze was nowhere to be seen.He checked her den, but it was empty. He checked around all the dens in camp, but there was no trace at all. And then, all of a sudden, Smokey, with blood running down his muzzle, burst out of nowhere and ran panting up to Jack. 
“Smokey? What’s wrong with your face? Were you attacked?”
“Forget about that! Jack, Strong has taken Haze into the forest!”
“What!? What are you saying?!” 
“No time to explain, just come with me!”
“What?” “COME ON!” Jack didn’t argue, and full of fear of what Strong could possibly do to Haze, followed after Smokey as he bounded into the woods. 

Part 5



Jack and Smokey bounded through the woods, tearing through trees and bushes. 

“Smokey, how did you get injured?

Smokey’s muzzle was dripping with blood, and he was bleeding. 

“Strong had told me that we should both go hunting so I went with him. After we walked a while then we came to a hollow. I had just glimpsed inside and saw Haze knocked out and bleeding from her paw and surrounded by guards, then Strong hit me on the head. He left me outside the hollow. After a while I woke up, with my head hurting like someone had hit it with a boulder. I slowly got up and looked around, there was nobody in sight. I ran as fast as I could, and here I am.”

Jack replied slowly, “ How many tigers do you think were guarding her?”
Smokey said, “ I couldn't tell, Strong knocked me out as soon as I got there.”
Jack said frustratedly, “How badly was Haze hurt?”
He replied, “She was hurt a bit bad, as I said before, her paw was bleeding, and she was knocked out too, and she had a bit of a cut on her head.” 
Suddenly Smokey raised his paw to tell Jack to stop. Jack looked around, and he saw at his paws was blood. He sniffed, and he smelled Smokey’s blood, and asked him, “ Is this where you got knocked out?”
Smokey nodded, “ But the place where I got knocked out I could see Haze clearly.”
Jack’s eyes suddenly went scared. He whispered, “ Smokey, I think it's a trap.”
As soon as Jack finished his sentence, five tigers leaped out of the trees and circled them. Jack growled and took out his claws, and Smokey did the same. One of the tigers leaped at Jack, and he quickly swiped at the tigers muzzle, and his sharp claws hit it straight on its head, and he quickly killed it by biting the tiger. There were only three left, because Smokey had killed one tiger too. The other tigers were scared too now, but they all charged at them at once. Smokey was taking on one tiger, and Jack had to take on two. He swiped at one of their paws, and that tiger yelled in pain. The other tiger leaped at Jack, and while he was distracted, the wounded tiger leaped at Jack’s back. It buried its claws deep into him, and Jack growled in anger and pain. He quickly flipped onto his back, and the one on his back started suffocating, and Jack quickly slashed the tiger in front of him. Smokey had killed his tiger and he quickly came to Jack and helped him up and killed the tiger that was on his back. 
“Jack, are you okay?” 
Jack nodded briefly, and then said,
“Strong must have known when he saw you gone. He must have left these tigers to ambush us when you came back. He knew you would come back with someone.” 
Smokey nodded and said, 
“ We have to return to camp Jack, you are wounded.” 
“We can’t return without Haze! She's my sister! Who knows what Strong could have done to her?” 
“Listen Jack, we have to think about this, we can’t just go without planning anything, Strong must be planning something. We have to think about this for a few days then go and take our revenge.”
Jack reluctantly agreed, and started walking back to camp. They walked across the tall trees, and the green grass. Jack looked at all of it sadly. He had lost his sister from his worst enemy. 

Part 6


Jack and Smokey had put leaves on their wounds to heal them. Within a few days they were feeling completely better, except for Jack. He was still suffering from the loss of Haze. He told Smokey, “I have to speak to Strong. He hasn’t come out of his den ever since we came back. I’ll meet you back here.” 
Jack walked up to Strong’s den and went inside. He went through the right pathway to his den, and he saw him lying down, eating a huge chunk of meat. “Hey Jack, what brings you here?” 
Jack replied, trying to keep his voice calm. “Strong, I looked everywhere, I couldn't find Haze. Smokey says he saw you going out hunting with her.”
“Hm, well you're her brother right? She should have told you where she was going.”
“Yes, but I’m asking why she is still not back.”
Strong shrugged stupidly, and said, “ Must have got lost. Want to join my breakfast?”
Jack looked at him coldly, “ No thank you, Strong.”
Jack emphasized Strong, and left with that, and he looked outside. He was feeling completely hopeless. He had no idea where Strong had hidden Haze. He had to leave and look for her.

                        ~~~~~~~~

Jack was with Smokey, looking for Haze. Smokey suddenly smelled a strange smell. 
“Hey Jack, do you smell that?”
Jack nodded, and sniffed. His eyes went large. He whispered, “It's lions, but there's another smell.” 
“Yep, but I can’t make it out.”
“Smokey, how are we going to kill the lions?” 
“What? We aren’t even going to go close to them. We could die.”
“What if Haze is in there?”
“Fine, but we aren’t going to charge in. We need to take some off without getting close.”
Jack smiled. “ I know what to do.” 

A few minutes later Jack was getting boulders set up against the cliff next to the place where the lions were. He told Smokey, “Listen, we are both going to push against these boulders, and then they will fall down into the lions. That way, we can take down the guards, without letting the ones inside know that we are here.” 
Smokey nodded, and they both got behind a boulder. They both pushed as hard as they could, until the boulder was rolling down extremely fast. Before the lions could yell or run away they got hit by the boulder and were dead. Jack and Smokey went down to the head of the cave. He sniffed, and he smelt Haze. “Smokey! I smell Haze! She must be in here!”
“ Yes!” Smokey and Jack both went forward into the hollow, claws out. Jack saw two lions sitting next to a tigress, which Jack recognized as Haze. Lumps of fur were missing from her skin, and her head was bleeding badly. Suddenly a wave of fury went through Jack, and he leaped at one of the lions, and he buried his claws deep into him. Jack quickly bit its neck, and leaped at the second lion. He slashed his muzzle, and he howled. He stabbed it with his claws right into its heart. He took them out and slashed its neck one last time. It slowly fell down, with its eyes still showing the shock that it had received from the sudden attack. 

To be continued….

